**ABSTRACT**
Our project aims to use the Amazon Delivery Dataset to predict the ratings of Amazon delivery agents using machine learning algorithms and techniques. The dataset encompasses over 43,632 delivery records across multiple cities, detailing various attributes such as order details, delivery agents' demographics, latitudinal and longitudinal coordinates of stores and delivery locations, order and delivery timestamps, and external factors like weather and traffic conditions. By analyzing these features, the project aims to identify patterns and correlations that influence delivery agents' performance ratings.
The objective is to build and evaluate predictive models that can accurately estimate an agent's rating based on the provided attributes. This analysis will not only enhance the understanding of key factors affecting delivery efficiency but also contribute to the improvement in logistical operations.

Dataset: https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/sujalsuthar/amazon-delivery-dataset

**MILESTONE 2**
First. we clean up the dataset. We identify columns with missing values and count the number of missing values in each, print out the columns with missing values and the count of missing values in each, and cleaning the data by dropping rows with missing values. After cleaning up the dataset, we start to creating more features so that it is more easier for us to analyze the data and for people to visualize the pattern. We use store location, including store latitude and store longitude, and drop location, including drop latitude and drop longitude, to calculate the distance between store and drop-off location. We add this feature into our dataset. We also add a delivery season feature into our dataset, which splits delivery months into four seasons, which are spring, summer, fall, and winter. We have also changed the datetime formats for order date, order time, and pickup time so that the datetime structure is consistent in the dataset. The date format we use in the dataset is Year/Month/Date, and the time format we use in the dataset is Hour/Minute/Second.

Jupyter Notebook: https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1jelN7LeCg5STn4K33Uw23ikBc56peYlP#scrollTo=z_5LrR1wAFfD
